In the movie plays of nowadays
A romance always must begin in June
Tales in magazines have all their scenes
Of love laid in a garden 'neath the moon
But I don't miss that kind of bliss
What I want is this:
A cup of coffee, a sandwich, and you
A cozy corner, a table for two
A chance to whisper, cuddle, and coo
With lots of huggin' and kissin' in view
I don't need music, lobster, or wine
As long as your eyes look into mine
The things I long for are simple and few
A cup of coffee, a sandwich, and you
A cozy corner, a table for two
A chance to whisper, cuddle, and coo
With lots of huggin' and kissin' in view
I don't need music,
(hear that music play)
As long as your eyes look into mine
The things I long for are simple and few
A cup of coffee, a sandwich, and you